Settings (#80)
etiennebacher/altdoc: NEWS.md

# News

## altdoc (development version)

Breaking changes:

* Functions renamed:
  - `use_docute()`, `use_docsify()` and `use_mkdocs()` are combined into `setup_docs()` 
  - `update_docs()` -> `render_docs()`
  - `preview()` -> `preview_docs()`

> * `setup_docs()` functions no longer update and preview the website by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `setup_docs()` (previously `use_*()`) no longer updates and previews the website by default.
```

> * `custom_reference` argument is removed. See the `Post-processing` vignette for a description of the new proposed workflow.

Reviewer: Need to open an issue to talk about this

* `theme` argument is removed. Users can change themes by editing settings files in `altdoc/`
* `mkdocs` documentation is no longer stored in `docs/docs/`

New:

* Support for Quarto vignettes (.qmd) stored in the `vignettes/` folder.
* Settings files are now permanently stored in the `altdoc/` directory. These files can be edited manually to customize the website.

> * `update` argument in `use_*()` allows users to create a documentation structure without rendering the vignettes and documentation.
> * `preview` argument in `use_*()` allows users to suppress the web preview by supplying an explicit argument or a global option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
